a giant crater the remnants after Israel
bombed the densely populated jabalia
refugee camp on October 31st just 3
weeks into its war on Gaza the UN says
at least four 1,000lb bombs were dropped
by Israel 10 structures were flattened
and the UN verified at least 56 people
were killed including 12 women and 23
children it was one of six Israel
attacks last October and November
examined by the UN Human Rights office
in a new report on indiscriminate and
disproportionate attacks the report
concluded Israel systematically failed
to comply with fundamental principles of
international humanitarian law of
Distinction prohibition of
indiscriminate attacks and
proportionality the report concludes
that these Israeli strikes indicate that
the IDF may have repeatedly violated
fundament fundamental principles of the
laws of war in this connection it notes
that unlawful targeting when committed
as part of a widespread or systematic
attack against a civilian population in
line with the state or organizational
policy may also implicate the commission
of crimes against humanity Israel often
justifies attacks on civilian
populations saying armed Fighters were
targeted and killed often without proof
the UN says even if armed groups are
within the civilian population it does
not deprive civilians of protection or
absolve Israel of war crimes the
requirement to select means and methods
of warfare to minimize civilian
casualties appear to have been
consistently violated during the bombing
campaign and this is something that uh
the in-depth look at six specific
incidents seems to Bear out who should
be held accountable for this how should
accountability be carried out there are
many different uh groups looking into
things uh obviously there will be the
need as with every Conflict for measures
of uh for accountability to be taken
while the conclusions from this report
are clear accountability could be more
elusive however the findings here could
be used by the international criminal
court or the international court of
justice as further pieces of evidence of
Israel's war crimes in God
Gabriel zando Al jazer at the United
Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz